# R

Hey dude! Welcome to my repository `teachR`. If you know nothing about R,
congrats, you are at the right place. The repo should teach you some nuggets
of R. Noting more than that. Do you want the power of the R-verse to fully
unfold over your head? Well, then you should probably pilgrimage to the
`py-R-amids`. Nerd joke. Sorry, that keeps me engaged.

What else? Ah, the content will be in Englisch. Surprise, surprise. But why the
hell English?! Isn't that a damn German R-course? It is. However, I chose
English mainly for two reasons. First, familiarize yourself with this beautiful
and figurative language. It is and will be a loyal companion throughout your
career. Trust me. Second, I'm practicing for my Ph.D. So pardon my selfishness!

Besides, there are numerous reasons to tackle R this way. For example, English
the everyday language of the R-verse. All public manuals on CRAN, every
vignette, all help pages are written in–you've guessed it– English. Have a
problem, found a bug, etc.? Ask for help on `StackOverflow` or contact the
maintainer on GitHub in...(*hold on*)...English. I am running out of examples,
so I hope I have convinced you. 

Did I miss anything? Yes! If you want to enjoy my live performance on stage
Tuesday morning, 10:15-11:45, the course language will be German. In short,
repo lecture: English; course lecture: German. Maybe this nudges you to attend
the course. We will see.

Let's finish the read-me with a place for you to (re-)start. For the course, I
highly recommend the following two additional resources. I will draw heavily on
them. However, feel free to deviate from my suggestion if you find something
that works better for you.

- https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/r-release/R-intro.pdf)
- https://csgillespie.github.io/efficientR/index.html

